
Skip to main content
Help Center
Using X
Managing your account
Safety and security
Rules and policies
Resources


Contact Us
Help Center
Account settings
About third-party apps and log in sessions
About third-party apps and log in sessions
About
Connecting or removing
Available tools



















































Instructions for:

How to connect to a third-party app
Step 1
On the website of the app you want to connect, find the button/link asking you to connect your Twitter account (usually "Connect to X", "Sign in with X" or something similar).

Step 2
You’ll be routed to a X website asking you to authorize the app to use your account.

Step 3
You can review the various permissions you are granting to the app. You will see examples of actions the app will be able to perform with your account.

Step 4
If you’re already logged in to your account, use the Authorize app button to connect the app.

Step 5
If you’re not already logged in to your account, you will need to log in. Before you enter your username and password, check that the page is secure by verifying the URL starts with https://x.com. If the page is secure, enter your username and password and use the Sign In button to connect the app.

Step 6
You can review and revoke access for apps connected to your account at any time by visiting the Apps and sessions section of your account settings.

How to revoke access or remove an app
Sign in to your account.
Go to the Apps and sessions section of your account settings. All of the apps connected to your account will be displayed. You can see the specific permissions that each app has to use your account listed under the app name and description.

If you’d like to disconnect an app from your account, click the Revoke access button next to the app or at the bottom of the page after clicking the app’s name.

If an app asks for your password to access your account

If you wish to grant a third-party app access to your account, we recommend that you only do so using X’s OAuth method. OAuth is a secure connection method and doesn’t require you to give your X username and password to the third party. You should be particularly cautious when you're asked to give your username and password to an app or website. When you give your username and password to someone else, they can gain complete control of your account and can lock you out or take actions that cause your account to be suspended.

If you are unsure about whether a login page for a third-party app is using OAuth, go directly to X.com and enter your credentials there, and then navigate back to the app. If the app is using OAuth, the app should not require you to enter your username and password again. You can learn more about how to check that you’re on X.com with our account security tips.

If you previously provided your password to an app that you are now unsure about, revoke its access on the Apps and sessions section of your account settings and change your password.

Note: You should be especially wary of and never provide your username and password to:

Websites claiming to help you “get more followers fast!” (see our following rules and best practices for more information).
Apps which post affiliate ads to your timeline.
 
If you suspect a bad app is still connected to your account

Immediately revoke its access on the Apps and sessions section of your account settings and change your password. If you are experiencing problems with an app, please read the compromised accounts article for more information.


If you’re having issues with a third-party app

Because third-party apps are not owned and operated by X, we're not able to troubleshoot them. It’s best to reach out to the app developer for answers to your questions or to let them know about a problem you're having with their product.














Share this article

Post

X platform
X.com
Status
Accessibility
Embed a post
Privacy Center
Transparency Center
Download the X app
Try Grok.com
X Corp.
About the company
Company news
Brand toolkit
Jobs and internships
Investors
Help
Help Center
Using X
X for creators
Ads Help Center
Managing your account
Email Preference Center
Rules and policies
Contact us
Developer resources
Developer home
Documentation
Forums
Communities
Developer blog
Engineering blog
Developer terms
Business resources
Advertise
X for business
Resources and guides
X for marketers
Marketing insights
Brand inspiration
X Ads Academy
© 2026 X Corp.
Cookies
Privacy
Terms and conditions
English 