
My Apps
Required actions
Docs
Tools
Support
Search input
​

Facebook
Use cases
Customize
Customize use case
Customize use case settings and permissions to make your app work the way you want it to.
Use case switcher
​
Connect on WhatsApp
​
​
You have alerts that need review
Go to WhatsApp Manager
​
Missing valid payment method
Free tier conversations can only be initiated by your customers. You won't be able to message customers until you add a payment method or update your existing payment method. Learn more about free tier conversations.
Access Token
Clicking Generate access token will allow you to select one or more WhatsApp Business accounts to generate temporary tokens for.
Access Token Copyable Input
Access Token String

Send and receive messages
Configure how you will send and receive messages from your WhatsApp Business account.
Step 1: Select phone numbers
Test phone numbers allow you to send free messages for 90 days. You can use your own phone number, which is subject to limits and pricing. About pricing
From
From
+1 402 320 4775
​
Phone number ID: 1009337698927791
WhatsApp Business Account ID: 2690438238000842
To
To
Country
US +1
​
To

Step 2: Send messages with the API
You can send a test message by clicking Send message, or by copying this command, pasting it into Terminal, and pressing enter. If you want to create a new test message, you can create your own template from WhatsApp Manager. About message templates
12345
curl -i -X POST \  https://graph.facebook.com/v22.0/1009337698927791/messages \  -H 'Authorization: Bearer <access token>' \  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \  -d '{ "messaging_product": "whatsapp", "to": "", "type": "template", "template": { "name": "hello_world", "language": { "code": "en_US" } } }'

Step 3: Configure webhooks to receive messages
Create a custom webhook URL or use services that help you set up an endpoint.
Step 4: Learn about the API and build your app
Review the developer documentation to learn how to build your app and start sending messages.
Step 5: Add a phone number
Add and verify your business phone number to start sending messages at scale. You can manage your numbers at any time from WhatsApp Manager.
Step 6: Add payment method
Add a payment method to start sending business-initiated messages to your customers. About pricing
​
Improve ROI with marketing messages with optimizations
Sending marketing messages with optimizations through Marketing Messages API for WhatsApp delivers improved performance compared to non-optimized messages.
View integration guide
Not now
