
Nav Logo
Build with us

Docs
Blog
Resources

Developer centers

My Apps


Docs

Overview

Marketing Messages API for WhatsApp
Marketing Messages API for WhatsApp
Updated: Feb 10, 2026
Marketing Messages API for WhatsApp (formerly known as Marketing Messages Lite API) is now generally available.
MM API for WhatsApp is our next-generation marketing solution built to enhance the customer experience and deliver the right message to more of the right people.
Key benefits

Boost and measure business results: With our automatic delivery optimizations, you can reach more of the people who will find your messages valuable and may drive more reads and clicks. You can also access exclusive measurement insights:
Performance benchmarks, to understand how your message performed compared to similar businesses
Tailored recommendations, to improve campaign performance
Enhance customer experience and engagement: MM API for WhatsApp helps deliver more relevant and timely marketing messages to customers with exclusive features like:
Automatic creative optimizations (in testing), to apply creative treatments like image animation and filtering for more engaging messages.
Richer media formats, like GIFs.
Time-to-live, to avoid irrelevant or delayed message delivery for time-sensitive campaigns.
Upgrade easily, with consistent reliability and security: MM API for WhatsApp is easy-to-use, reliable, and secure. It offers a similar technical schema and same billing model as Cloud API, and businesses can use existing phone numbers and MM templates.
Send all your marketing traffic to the /marketing_messages endpoint for automatic routing of eligible business’ messages.
Footnotes

*An AB test was conducted with approximately 12 million delivered marketing messages sent by advertisers in India between January 1, 2025, and January 31, 2025. The test compared MM API for WhatsApp optimized delivery to standard Cloud API delivery for high engagement messages only (For example, messages with more reads, clicks, etc.) and the analysis consisted of a t-test at a 95% confidence level.
Did you find this page helpful?
Thumbs up icon
Thumbs down icon
Meta
FacebookInstagramXLinkedInYouTube
Build with Meta
AI
Meta Horizon
Social technologies
Wearables
News
Meta for Developers
Blog
Success stories
Support
Developer Support
Bug tool
Platform status
Developer community forum
Report an incident
About us
About
Careers
Terms and policies
Responsible platform initiatives
Platform terms
Developer policies
Privacy policy
Cookies
English (US)
